Add primitive type tutorial blog (#321)
JuliaLang/www.julialang.org: blog/_posts/2019-03-02-custom-primitive-type.md

---
layout: post
title: Declare primitive type in Julia
author: 鄭景文（Peter Cheng）, 杜岳華（Yueh-Hua Tu）
---

Julia provides some APIs for you to declare your own primitive types in Julia. However, when you open [the official docs about primitive type](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/types/#Primitive-Types-1), you still don't know how to make your new primitive types work in your code. Therefore, here is a simple tutorial that tell you how to do so.

## Introduction

If you want define a primitve type, first, you have to declare it with the name and the number of bits it take with the `primitive type` keyword. 

    primitive type «name» «bits» end
    primitive type «name» <: «supertype» «bits» end

Currently, Julia only supports sizes that are multiples of 8 bits. So like the `Bool` only take 1 bit, you still need to declare it as 8 bits. For example:

```julia
    primitive type Bool <: Integer 8 end
```

Up to here, we have almost everything from the docs. Next, we are going to show how 
to define and use our own primitive type with a simple example.

## The problem

> After declaring our new primitive type, that's say we do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After declaring our new primitive type, that is to say we do the following:
```
